---
title: "Weeklys #4"
date: 2024-11-08 20:00:00 +0800
categories: [Weeklys]
tags: [weeklys]
pin: true
math: true
mermaid: true
---

Song I have on repeat: Unbelievable by Owl City and Songs from Dear Evan Hansen (especially Waving Through a Window and For Forever)

What I spent my time on: Work, Night walks, finally did some social things after work!

One interesting thing from this week: I watched a film called Shadow (2022) which is a drama about a group of people with intellectual disabilities having a conference about the impacts of AI. Each character has a strong, distinct personality and this one character, Sarah has a lot of anger and insignance at society for how it treats people with intellectual disabilities. The characters don't hold back on voicing their opinions, leading to disagreements and tensions, which was, honestly, quite humorous. But I think underlying the comedy is a very compelling message about what "able" means and how it is very much determined by the external environment rather than a obejctive description of the individual. If powerful technologies (like AI) might give some individuals who have access to them more abilities than others, I wonder whether how we see who is more able and less able will change and whether this will affect how we see people with disabilities, both physical and intellectual. I also think the film has made me more aware of how able and insightful people classified with a intellectual disability can be, even if it may be harder to notice, and how harmful preconceived notions about people with intellectual disabilities can be.

Inspiration: I was watching Strictly Ballet and there was one student who said that he really appreciated the correction given by the teachers because they were so personal. That gave me a fresh perspective on receiving feedback. I think from now on, I hope that I can see feedback that is personalized with a new lens of appreciation.