---
title: "Weeklys #2"
date: 2024-10-11 20:00:00 +0800
categories: [Weeklys]
tags: [weeklys]
pin: true
math: true
mermaid: true
---

Song I have on repeat: Dreams by The Cranberries

What I spent my time on: art, work, learning house dance

One interesting thing I learnt this week: Shoshin, a concept from Zen Buddhism which means beginner's mind. 
"It refers to having an attitude of openness, eagerness, and lack of preconceptions when studying, even at an advanced level, just as a beginner would." [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shoshin]
I just feel that this mindset is something I want to actively try to adopt because I find it so easy to stray from it, especially when I feel like I have gotten comfortable with something.

One new idea: 

Interesting interaction: I didn't bring cash to pay for my wanton noodles at Hong Lim and only realized that the stall only accepts cash after I had ordered. The hawker was so nice and gave me the wanton noodles saying "It's okay, just take it. you can come back to pay me tomorrow or another day. You already queued so long. Don't worry dear." And she said it with such sincerity which touched me. And what I found inspiring about this was that, even though she was cooking and collecting orders non-stop, she put in the effort to reassure me which really made my day :)

Special find: Neurographic art looks really cool and is a very therapeutic activity

Grateful for: A chill week with time outside work to draw and practice dancing, that my fellow Thoughtworks new joiners are nice!

Something I want to work on: Being more assertive with what I want/ don't want

Theme of the week: Finding a rhythm; starting work has injected some structure into my daily schedule. But this week was quite chill and I left office early every single day so it felt like a very good balance between work and my own time. I also started waking up earlier without an alarm which was nice because my mornings weren't rushed -- I even had time to sketch!