---
title: "Weeklys #3"
date: 2024-10-18 20:00:00 +0800
categories: [Weeklys]
tags: [weeklys]
math: true
mermaid: true
---

Song I have on repeat: Halloween by Novo Amor

What I spent my time on: art, work, baked Tahini Brownies, went for a hip hop basics class at Converge on Tuesday, and skated from SMU to IKEA ALexandra on Friday

One interesting thing I learnt this week: Played a word game called connect during my company's board game night. It doesn't require any materials.
It is a one vs the rest of the group kind of game
Let's call the one person the worder
The worder comes up with a word. The objective of the game is for the rest of the group to connect on this word
The worder gives the first letter of their word
Now individuals from the rest of the group can think of a word starting with the letter given. They then give a clue to everyone about the word they are thinking of. If someone else from the rest of the group thinks they know the word based on the hint, they will say connect. A countdown of ten seconds is given to the worder to guess the word. If the worder guesses it, the word is eliminated and the game continues. If the worder doesn't guess it by the end of 10 seconds, there is a 3 second countdown and then the person who gave the hint and the person who connected have to say the word at the same time. If they say the same word, the worder has to give the second letter of the word they are thinking. 
Now the group has to think of words starting with the first two letters given. And the game goes on.
It is kind of complicated to explain but once you play it it is quite straightforward.

Special find: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R3UODz5O8zo